# JsonResume

JsonResume creates pretty versions of resume from a single JSON input file. Output formats are specifically customized to modern resume templates. Also, there are a ton of customizations to the templates possible, to make your own version of resume created easily and super quickly.

## Installation

    $ gem install json_resume

## Usage

### Create a sample JSON input file to start

    $ json_resume sample
    
A sample `prateek_cv.json` is generated in the current working directory(cwd).
    
Modify it as per your needs, and remove or keep rest of the fields empty.
    
### Conversion

* Syntax

```
    json_resume convert [--template=/path/to/custom/template] [--out=html|html_pdf|tex|tex_pdf|md] <json_input>

    <json_input> can be /path/to/json OR "{'json':'string'}" OR http://raw.json
```

* Default (HTML) version

```
    $ json_resume convert prateek_cv.json
```

A directory `resume/` will be generated in cwd, which can be put hosted on /var/www or on github pages.


* HTML\* version

`html` version without glyphicons can be generated by giving `glyphicons` as `false` :

```
     "settings": {
         "glyphicons" : false
    },
```

* PDF version from HTML

```
    $ json_resume convert --out=html_pdf prateek_cv.json
```

* LaTeX version

```
    $ json_resume convert --out=tex prateek_cv.json
```

* PDF version from LaTeX

```
    $ json_resume convert --out=tex_pdf prateek_cv.json
```

* Markdown version

```
    $ json_resume convert --out=md prateek_cv.json
```

## Markup Language

JSON is parsed as per the `markdown` standards. This implies all this works-
- \*\* **bold** \*\*, 
- \_ _italics_ \_, 
- script&lt;sup&gt;<sup>sup</sup>&lt;sup/&gt;,
- script&lt;sub&gt;<sub>sub</sub>&lt;sub/&gt;, 
- \[[href](#)\]\(#\), 
- <<[http://github.com](http://github.com)>>

## Customization

Output is creating using mustache templates. They are located in `templates/`. These can be modified and given as `--template=/path/to/template` to `convert`.

## Contributing

Many awesome formats can be created by writing new mustache templates. We :heart: **PR**s.

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
